Adding documentation for new heartbeat_agg (#1869)
timescale/docs: api/_hyperfunctions/heartbeat_agg/heartbeat_agg.md

  signatures:
    - language: sql
      code: |
        heartbeat_agg(
            heartbeat TIMESTAMPTZ,
            agg_start TIMESTAMPTZ,
            agg_duration INTERVAL,
            heartbeat_liveness INTERVAL
        ) RETURNS HeartbeatAgg
  parameters:
    required:
      - name: heartbeat
        type: TIMESTAMPTZ
        description: >
          The column containing the timestamps of the heartbeats.
      - name: agg_start
        type: TIMESTAMPTZ
        description: >
          The start of the time range over which this aggregate is tracking liveness.
      - name: agg_duration
        type: INTERVAL
        description: >
          The length of the time range over which this aggregate is tracking liveness. Any point in this range that doesn't closely follow a heartbeat is considered to be dead.
      - name: heartbeat_liveness
        type: INTERVAL
        description: >
          How long the system is considered to be live after each heartbeat.
    returns:
      - column: heartbeat_agg
        type: HeartbeatAgg
        description: >
          The liveness data for the heartbeated system over the provided interval.
  examples:
    - description: >

>         Given a table called `system_health` with a `ping_time` column, construct an aggregate of system liveness for 10 days starting from Jan 1, 2022.  This assumes a system is unhealthy if we haven't heard from in a 5 minute window.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Given a table called `system_health` with a `ping_time` column, construct an aggregate of system liveness for 10 days starting from Jan 1, 2022.  This assumes a system is unhealthy if it hasn't been heard from in a 5 minute window.
```
